Day 1:
1.	The distance between two cities (in km.) is input through the keyboard. Write a program to convert and print this distance in meters, feet, inches and centimeters.
2.	Ramesh’s basic salary is input through the keyboard. His dearness allowance is 40% of basic salary, and house rent allowance is 20% of basic salary. Write a program to calculate his gross salary
3.	If a five-digit number is input through the keyboard, write a program to calculate the sum of its digits. (Hint: Use the modulus operator ‘%’)
4.	Wind chill factor is the felt air temperature on exposed skin due to wind. The wind chill temperature is always lower than the air temperature, and is calculated as per the following formula: wcf = 35.74 + 0.6215t + ( 0.4275t - 35.75 ) * v 0.16 where t is the temperature and v is the wind velocity. Write a program to receive values of t and v and calculate wind chill factor (wcf).
5.	Two numbers are input through the keyboard into two locations C and D. Write a program to interchange the contents of C and D.
6.	A five-digit number is entered through the keyboard. Write a program to obtain the reversed number and to determine whether the original and reversed numbers are equal or not.
7.	A certain grade of steel is graded according to the following conditions: (i) Hardness must be greater than 50 (ii) Carbon content must be less than 0.7 (iii) Tensile strength must be greater than 5600. The grades are as follows: Grade is 10 if all three conditions are met, Grade is 9 if conditions (i) and (ii) are met, Grade is 8 if conditions (ii) and (iii) are met, Grade is 7 if conditions (i) and (iii) are met, Grade is 6 if only one condition is met, Grade is 5 if none of the conditions are met, Write a program, which will require the user to give values of hardness, carbon content and tensile strength of the steel under consideration and output the grade of the steel.
8.	Given the length and breadth of a rectangle, write a program to find whether the area of the rectangle is greater than its perimeter. For example, the area of the rectangle with length = 5 and breadth = 4 is greater than its perimeter.


Day 2:
1.	Write a program to calculate overtime pay of 10 employees. Overtime is paid at the rate of Rs. 12.00 per hour for every hour worked above 40 hours. Assume that employees do not work for fractional part of an hour.
2.	Write a program to print out all Armstrong numbers between 1 and 500. If sum of cubes of each digit of the number is equal to the number itself, then the number is called an Armstrong number. For example, 153 = ( 1 * 1 * 1 ) + ( 5 * 5 * 5 ) + ( 3 * 3 * 3 ).
3.	Write a program to enter numbers till the user wants. At the end it should display the count of positive, negative and zeros entered.
4.	Write a program to print all prime numbers from 1 to 300. (Hint: Use nested loops, break and continue)
5.	Population of a town today is 100000. The population has increased steadily at the rate of 10 % per year for last 10 years. Write a program to determine the population at the end of each year in the last decade.
6.	A positive integer is entered through the keyboard. Write a function to obtain the prime factors of this number. For example, prime factors of 24 are 2, 2, 2 and 3, whereas prime factors of 35 are 5 and 7.
