1. Write a query to find length of text in Employee name.


2.Write query for all employees that resumed in the past year (where hiredate > the date of a year ago).


3. write a SQL query to find those employees with hire date in the format like February 22, 1991. 
Return employee ID, employee name, salary, hire date.


4. write a SQL query to count the number of characters except the spaces for each employee name. Return employee name length.


5. write a SQL query to find those employees who do not belong to the department 2001.

6.  write a SQL query to find those employees who joined before 1991.


7. write a SQL query to find the names of the employees whose length is six.


8. write a SQL query to find out which employees joined in the month of January.


9. write a SQL query to identify employees with more than 27 years of experience.


10. write a SQL query to find out which employees earn more than 50 per day as a salary.Return employee ID, employee name, salary, and experience.


11. write a SQL query to identify the employees whose salaries are odd.


12. write a SQL query to find out which employees joined the company before the 19th of the month.


13. a. the employees receive some commission which should not be more than the salary and annual salary including commission is below 34000.
 b. Designation is ‘SALESMAN’ and working in the department ‘3001’. Return employee ID, employee name, salary and job name.
write combine query


14. write a SQL query to identify those employees who joined in any month other than February.


15. write a query to reverse employee name.

16. write a query to print employee name in lower case.

17. write a query to print employee name in upper case.


18. write a query to Return the number of products in the "Products" table.


19. write a query Return the average value for the "Price" column in the "Products" table:

20. write a query Find the price of the most expensive product in the "Products" table.


21. write a query Find the price of the cheapest product in the "Products" table.

22. write a query to return the current date and time + 1.

23. write a query to return total of salary of all employees.


24. create a table Persons where id is not null, last name should not be null with 255 varchar,
firstname having 255 varchar, age with int, make id as primary key after table is created. Then drop primary key.


25. create Orders table where orderId is not null, orderNumber is not null, PersonId as int,make
orderId as primary key and PersonId as Foreign key. Then Drop Foreign key constraint.


26. create a table Persons where id is not null, last name should not be null with 255 varchar,
firstname having 255 varchar, age with int, make id as primary key after table is created.Autoincrement personId.


